feat: externalize config (#4)
bolcom/cryptvault: README.md

Reviewer: Suggestion(Non-blocking): Try to make it more explicit when the version refers to the change in the binary blob, or when it refers to the key version, like explicitly mentioning everywhere `binary blob version`, `key version`.

new String(decrypted).equals("rock");   // true 
```

## Keys

This library uses the encryption keys specified in the configuration directly.
Notably, it does not use any key-derivation. That means that you are responsible
for providing a key from a high-entropy source.

The length of the key depends on the algorithm specified. When using AES-256,
you need to provide a key that is 256 bits/32 bytes long. (For comparison, the
weak DES uses 64-bit keys.)

To generate a key suitable for AES-256 bit, you can use the following command:

```console
$ dd if=/dev/urandom bs=1 count=32 | base64
```

## Rotating keys

It is advisable to rotate your keys every now and then. To do so, define a new

> key version in `application.yml`:

Reviewer: Question(blocking): Shouldn't this example contain 2 keys with different versions? The text above says to introduce a new version key, but this example shows only 1 key without a version. I would have expected 2 keys with 2 different versions.

Author: I don't understand. The example shows 2 key versions?

  default-key: 1
```

to override which version of the defined keys is considered default.

> ## Specify encryption algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Specify transformation
```

Author: Yeah, thing is, if you're not really into Java cryptography, you probably don't know what they mean by "transformation". That's why I decided to go for "encryption algorithm". The use of "transformation" is only explained further along.

> Instead of using the default AES-256 in CBC mode, you can specify the algorithm,
> mode of operation and padding scheme directly in the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default transformation is AES/CBC/PKCS5Padding.
Instead of using the default transformation, you can specify the algorithm,
mode of operation and padding scheme directly in the configuration:
```

* `param length` is the length of next field, the algorithm parameters 
* `params` are the algorithms parameters that that need to be known
  in order to decrypt the blob successfully. For example, when using
  AES/CBC/PKCS5Padding, this will (among some overhead) contain the 16-byte IV.
  See `java.security.AlgorithmParameters#getEncoded` for more information.
* `ciphertext` contains the output of applying the specified transformation
  under the specified key to the input.

## Expected size of encrypted data

Depending on the cipher, whether an IV or tag are used and the padding scheme
you must expect some overhead for encryption. The default cipher, AES-256-CBC
with PKCS #5 padding, requires an extra [22, 37] bytes: proto version (1) + key
version (1) + param length (1) + algorithm parameters (18) + padding (best case:
1, worst case: 16).

## Migrating from version 1 to version 2

### TL;DR: 

1. Add `legacy: true` to keys that were in use under version 1.
2. Create a new key version that will be used for new encryptions.

```yaml
cryptvault:
  keys:
    # the legacy key version (can only decrypt!)
    - version: 1
      key: yaF4Gi13Gp+gF5Tm+jMkYbQKMO3c6KYZbQmMqXQyid0=

>       legacy: true

Reviewer: Suggestion(Non-blocking): consider renaming `legacy` to `binary_blob_version` and use `1` and `2` as value instead of `true`, that makes it possible to introduce a `binary_blob_version: 3` in the future.

Additionally might be considerable to rename `version` to `key_version` to be really explicit, since there are 2 different versions next to each other.

Author: `legacy` is meant to be a one-off. Previously, the binary blob would not incorporate a protocol version. The proposed changes *add* that protocol version to the binary blob, but *not* in the external configuration. This means that in the future, clients of this library don't have to keep track of the binary format, which is just an implementation detail.

Author: Also, for backwards-compatibility, I kept using the same hashes (`version`, `key`, `default-key`, etc.).

    # the new version (can encrypt/decrypt as usual)
    - version: 2
      key: CqeKXVZuDbeMk0/h1zZrBG0Mul4qMnqShaGjkxWrlQ0=

> ```

Reviewer: Comment(non-blocking): I was expecting an example like this at line 75.

Author: There is an example at line 75?

### More detail

Version 2 introduced a new format of the binary blob. This provides certain
benefits (see under [Format of the encrypted blob,
above](#format-of-the-encrypted-blob)). However, the old encrypted blobs have
become incompatible as a result of this breaking change. You can still decrypt
the blobs, however. Encrypting with these legacy key versions is not supported,
however. 

To migrate:

1. Add `legacy: true` to the legacy key version(s) in the config. 
2. Create a new key version that will be used for new encryptions.

Old encrypted blobs will not be updated automatically since this library does
not handle persistence. There is little harm in keeping them around as they
are still secure. However, should you wish to upgrade the stored blobs, decrypt
them and then overwrite them with a fresh encrypted version under the new key
version.

[Java Security Standard Algorithm Names]:

> <https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/21/docs/specs/security/standard-names.html>

Reviewer: chore(blocking): this links to Java 21, but the `pom.xml` builds this with Java 17. Make them the same version.

Author: Fair enough
